Admission v1 docs (#15985)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers.md

### Deploy the admission webhook service

The webhook server in the e2e test is deployed in the Kubernetes cluster, via
the [deployment API](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#deployment-v1-apps).
The test also creates a [service](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#service-v1-core)
as the front-end of the webhook server. See

> [code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/v1.15.0/test/e2e/apimachinery/webhook.go#L301).

Reviewer: attonit: Does this want tweaking to v1.16.0 after release?

Author: it's not that big of a deal either way

or
[MutatingWebhookConfiguration](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#mutatingwebhookconfiguration-v1-admissionregistration-k8s-io).

The following is an example `validatingWebhookConfiguration`, a mutating webhook
configuration is similar. See the [webhook configuration](#webhook-configuration) section for details about each config field.

{{< tabs name="ValidatingWebhookConfiguration_example_1" >}}
{{% tab name="admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1" %}}
```yaml
apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1
kind: ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
metadata:
  name: "<name of this configuration object>"
webhooks:
- name: "<webhook name, e.g., pod-policy.example.io>"
  rules:
  - apiGroups:
    - ""
    apiVersions:
    - v1
    operations:
    - CREATE
    resources:
    - pods
    scope: "Namespaced"
  clientConfig:
    service:
      namespace: "<namespace of the front-end service>"
      name: "<name of the front-end service>"
    caBundle: "<pem encoded ca cert that signs the server cert used by the webhook>"
  admissionReviewVersions:
  - v1
  - v1beta1
  timeoutSeconds: 5
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1beta1" %}}

> ```yaml

Reviewer: How about a comment in the YAML to highlight that this is a beta / superseded API version?

(and something similar elsewhere)

Author: the v1 example is the default, and is right next to the v1beta1 version everywhere. do you still think we need to mention it in the v1beta1 tab body?

Reviewer: A nice-to-have.
I think it'd help in case the example is copied into other docs.

Author: ok, updated

as the front-end of the webhook server. See
[code](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/v1.15.0/test/e2e/apimachinery/webhook.go#L301).

You may also deploy your webhooks outside of the cluster. You will need to update
your webhook configurations accordingly.

### Configure admission webhooks on the fly

You can dynamically configure what resources are subject to what admission
webhooks via
[ValidatingWebhookConfiguration](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#validatingwebhookconfiguration-v1-admissionregistration-k8s-io)
or
[MutatingWebhookConfiguration](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#mutatingwebhookconfiguration-v1-admissionregistration-k8s-io).

The following is an example `ValidatingWebhookConfiguration`, a mutating webhook configuration is similar.
See the [webhook configuration](#webhook-configuration) section for details about each config field.

{{< tabs name="ValidatingWebhookConfiguration_example_1" >}}
{{% tab name="admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1" %}}
```yaml
apiVersion: admissionregistration.k8s.io/v1
kind: ValidatingWebhookConfiguration
metadata:
  name: "pod-policy.example.com"
webhooks:

> - name: "pod-policy.example.com"

Reviewer 2: Is there a naming convention of configurations and the webhooks that they contain that we want to promote? I.e. do we want to encourage or discourage conversion name == webhook name for single webhook configurations?

I can imaging there might be some future proofing advantages of naming a configuration in a way that more generally covers the type of webhooks it might be responsible for, .e.g. security policy, or service mesh, and the webhooks might be named by the particular task they perform...

Apologies if this is out of scope for this PR, it just got me thinking..

Author: For extension point resources, I'd tend to encourage naming the API objects with self-regulating names (e.g. suffixed with a domain you control)

  rules:
  - apiGroups:   [""]
    apiVersions: ["v1"]
    operations:  ["CREATE"]
    resources:   ["pods"]
    scope:       "Namespaced"
  clientConfig:
    service:
      namespace: "example-namespace"
      name: "example-service"

>     caBundle: "<pem encoded ca cert that signs the server cert used by the webhook>"

Reviewer 2: FWIW, I found the `caBundle: "Ci0tLS0tQk...<base64-encoded PEM bundle>...tLS0K"` example used in the [aggregation docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/blob/b7aa1ac0c1690b9855d559dc2a8ef27a7e1492c1/content/en/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/configure-aggregation-layer.md) helpful in hinting at the expected formatting of the field value.

>   admissionReviewVersions:

Reviewer 2: nit: I noticed in this doc we sometimes use the multi line list yaml format and sometimes use `["v1", "v1beta1"]` for version lists. Consolidate to one form?

This example shows the data contained in an `AdmissionReview` object
for a request to update the `scale` subresource of an `apps/v1` `Deployment`:

{{< tabs name="AdmissionReview_request" >}}
{{% tab name="admission.k8s.io/v1" %}}

> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: Is the switch to yaml here intentional? Better for the comments?

Author: Yeah, it renders the comments in a nicer way

Reviewer: JSON doesn't allow comments, but they're fine in YAML.

  }
}
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

When rejecting a request, the webhook can customize the http code and message returned to the user using the `status` field.
The specified status object is returned to the user.

> See [API documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.14/#status-v1-meta) for details about the status type.

Reviewer: Optional tweak:
```suggestion
 See the [API documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< param "version" >}}/#status-v1-meta) for details about the status type.
```

Author: done
